you can put diego souza diego souza
entered a school a goal to see him
progressed at the entrance of the
jorge went to the post bar
to
O
the black red
three minutes of football the first time
of game
what a beautiful street plot 38 times with the shirt
of sport an entire championship renner
all money released joeliton rented a
red diamond black gold diamond
black to be affected plus one player
prepared for large cold erosions
calculated on the goalkeeper's exit
them and opened the scoring in the
the explosion of the red-black crowd
Brazilian champion of 87
2008 Copa Coppa do Brasil
joelinton the red black boy
the red black boy glows brightly
in the arena and do sports 1 são paulo 10 do
wesley bid red heart breaks
black a standing shot
stole the duck ball still on the side
right and rolled to diego souza who
was leaving in front of the big area
he threw in the left because baby
slapped the ball diagonally to the
left three São Paulo players in the
missing
He took until half a moon stood facing
to the goal and rolled on the right to
joeliton the boy on the island straightened the ball
and knocked as he sent the costume on
back foot goalkeeper in the background all
bacchante
now in the arena pernambuco jolie so
write 1 for sport x 0 london